from: http://www.wikidot.com/legal:terms-of-service

Note #6 in the second paragraph:
    "any automated use of the Services that is not officially available; this includes reading, posting or changing any
Content, sending Messages and any other such use; this does not include RSS feeds access"



Prohibited content and usage
The following is a list of prohibited or illegal usage of the Services. We reserve the right to investigate and take
appropriate actions against anyone (in our sole discretion) violates these rules, including removing offending content
and terminating the Wikidot Membership.

Prohibited usage includes but is not limited to uploading, posting or otherwise making available or promote:

1. any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene,
libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, harm minors or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable,
pornography and "adult content";
2. any Content that contains nudity, violence, pornography, "adult content" or contains links to any other web site
with such materials
3. any Information that you know is false or misleading
4. any Content that promotes illegal or fraudulent activities
5. any Content that you do not have a right to make publicly available or promotes the illegal use of any work without
rights or license;
6. any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party;
in particular it is not allowed to upload Content that is not compatible with the particular Wiki Site content license
7. any "junk", "spam", "chain letters," "pyramid schemes" etc.;
8. any material that contains software viruses, spyware, malware or any other computer code, files or programs designed
to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or other electronic equipment,
steal or collect private information;
9. any material that collects or contains personal information of other Users for any unlawful purpose or without the
User's permission
10. any material that promotes pharmacy products (e.g. Viagra, Cialis) and encourage Users to visit online stores
selling such products
11. any material that promotes financial products (such as loans, credit cards, bank accounts) and encourage Users
to visit websites offering such products
12. any material that promote fraudulent services and misleads Users to visit legally doubtful websites.

Other prohibited usage includes:

1. intentionally or unintentionally violating any applicable local, state, national or international law;
2. collecting, storing or publishing available personal data about others without their acceptance;
3. advertising to (or soliciting of) Users to buy or sell any product or services through direct communication provided
by the Services without their prior consent; this includes sending spam, junk messages or chain letters to other Users
via the Private Messages feature or any live connection
4. covering or obscuring any of the advertisement boxes or Toolbars via CSS style modification or any other technique;
5. covering or obscuring any elements of any of the page that impair its functionality; this also include the footer
which contains links to Wikidot.com main site, help pages, this Terms, Privacy Policy, and problem reporting;
6. any automated use of the Services that is not officially available; this includes reading, posting or changing any
Content, sending Messages and any other such use; this does not include RSS feeds access
7. interfering with any part of the Services, exploiting possible bugs or security holes;
8. mislead Users by imitating any part of the Services for collecting personal data or other unlawful purpose;
9. using an identity (account, username, password) of another User or disclosing your own username or password to any
third party or permitting any third party to access your account;
10. transferring your profile (includes selling) to any third party;
11. promoting objectionable content through the created Sites (e.g. pharmacy products, financial products)
12. massively promote particular Wikidot Sites on other sites and services (forums, blogs, news sites hosted by Wikidot
or other providers) for objectionable purposes (aka spamming)

The use of custom CSS that hides, moves, covers, or otherwise interferes with the visibility, positioning and
functionality of the top or bottom Toolbar elements will be considered as prohibited usage.

If you find any page that contains objectionable content please use "flag as objectionable" option at the bottom of
each page.

Users can contact support@wikidot.com to make sure that their intended use of Wikidot does not violate the Terms.